Programming Assignment #2 Report - Jacob Walton
        The creation of this program went a lot smoother than the first one. I came up with the idea of how I wanted to extract the information from the files a lot quicker than I was anticipating. I had some trouble figuring out how I was to extract specific information from two sheets with slightly different formatting, that is until I came up with the idea to split it up by the different item sections. That made the entire process a lot easier as it gave me a consistent benchmark between both files. However, I later encountered a problem in which I realized that the titles for each item that I was using as these benchmarks for the file printing were different between the two companies. So I had to create a separate list of item titles so that each would have their own, then create a way to switch what list the program would grab from depending on the company chosen. Besides that, the only other issue I had was that I accidentally added a section that was specific to just one company. And while that may not be a terrible inclusion, it unfortunately does not work with how I set up my system of extracting information and thus I had to deem it out of my scope. I was actually only able to catch it because when creating the if-else statements for each prompt, I did a test run of every single one before linking them to the readFile function to make sure that they were being attributed to the right sections. While doing that I realized that the section numbers were not lining up right. Unfortunately fixing it was not a quick process (wasn’t long either, like 5-10 minutes) despite being a straightforward fix, meaning simplifying the code used to select the prompt could probably be made easier and simpler. I made sure to take the problems from the last assignment, and not repeat them. I added way more comments that clearly illustrate what each part of the code does and how it contributes to the overall program. I also made sure to include the txt files in the correct location this time, in the src folder next to the code itself. Overall, I am quite happy with how this program turned out, I think I did quite well on it.